c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\TSLtest.exe.config
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\TSLtest.exe
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\TSLtest.pdb
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\TSLtest.xml
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\FTD2XX_NET.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\InstrumentDLL.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\Ivi.Visa.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\Keysight.Visa.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.Common.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.DAQmx.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.NI4882.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.NiLmClientDLL.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.VisaNS.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\bin\Debug\NationalInstruments.MStudioCLM.dll
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.vbproj.TSLtest.exe.config
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.Form1.resources
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.Resources.resources
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.exe
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.xml
c:\users\ytsuji\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TSLtest\TSLtest\obj\Debug\TSLtest.pdb
